README.md, before:

# 🚧 Work In Progress
This project is highly inspired by [next-enterprise](https://github.com/Blazity/next-enterprise). But for Expo/React-Native.

## 📚 Features (TODO)

- [X] Expo - Built with Expo for cross-platform support
- [X] 🎯 Absolute imports - For better imports and code organization
- [X] 📝 Conventional commits git hook - For enforcing conventional commits
- [ ] 🤖 Renovate BOT - For keeping dependencies up to date
- [X] 🛠️ Extremely strict TypeScript - With ts-reset library for ultimate type safety
- [X] 🩹 Patch-package - For patching dependencies
- [ ] 💻 T3 Env - For environment variables management
- [X] 📊 Bundle analyzer plugin - For analyzing bundle size
- [ ] 🧪 Jest and React Testing Library - For testing components and features
- [ ] 📕 Storybook - For isolating and testing UI components
- [ ] 📈 Components coupling and cohesion graph - For analyzing components relations
- [ ] 🚀 GitHub Actions - For CI/CD automation
- [X] 🤖🧠 Automated ChatGPT Code Reviews - For improving code quality and AI assistance code reviews
- [ ] 🚢 Semantic Release - For automated versioning and CHANGELOG generation


## 🚦 Roadmap (Updated as implemented)

### Expo
Project Initiated with
```sh
npx create-expo-app --template
```

### Absolute Imports
Clean code and code writing easier.
Preconfigured by default.

### Conventional Commits
Configured with [git-conventioanl-commits](https://github.com/qoomon/git-conventional-commits) to automatically validate commit messages following the [conventional-commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) standard.

### TS-Reset | Extremely Strict Typescript
TypeScript's default type declarations may have imperfections, but [ts-reset](https://github.com/total-typescript/ts-reset) enhances them.

### Automated ChatGPT Code Reviews
Configured with [chatgpt-codereview](https://github.com/anc95/ChatGPT-CodeReview) action workflow.

### Patch Package
Configured with [patch-package](https://github.com/ds300/patch-package) to patch dependencies as needed.
For eg: `npx patch-package package-name`

### Bundle Analyzer
Configured with [react-native-bundle-analyzer](https://github.com/IjzerenHein/react-native-bundle-visualizer)</br>
Run `npm run analzye:bundle` which generates bundle map and show you what's inside of your react-native bundle

Commit message:

chore(docs): Update README with testing and analysis tools

README.md, after:

# 🚧 Work In Progress
This project is highly inspired by [next-enterprise](https://github.com/Blazity/next-enterprise). But for Expo/React-Native.

## 📚 Features (TODO)

- [X] Expo - Built with Expo for cross-platform support
- [X] 🎯 Absolute imports - For better imports and code organization
- [X] 📝 Conventional commits git hook - For enforcing conventional commits
- [ ] 🤖 Renovate BOT - For keeping dependencies up to date
- [X] 🛠️ Extremely strict TypeScript - With ts-reset library for ultimate type safety
- [X] 🩹 Patch-package - For patching dependencies
- [ ] 💻 T3 Env - For environment variables management
- [X] 📊 Bundle analyzer plugin - For analyzing bundle size
- [ ] 🧪 Jest and React Testing Library - For testing components and features
- [ ] 📕 Storybook - For isolating and testing UI components
- [X] 📈 Components coupling and cohesion graph - For analyzing components relations
- [ ] 🚀 GitHub Actions - For CI/CD automation
- [X] 🤖🧠 Automated ChatGPT Code Reviews - For improving code quality and AI assistance code reviews
- [ ] 🚢 Semantic Release - For automated versioning and CHANGELOG generation
- [ ] 🗄️ Auto Sort Imports - Automatic organizing of imports on file saves.


## 🚦 Roadmap (Updated as implemented)

### Expo
Project Initiated with
```sh
npx create-expo-app --template
```

### Absolute Imports
Clean code and code writing easier.
Preconfigured by default.

### Conventional Commits
Configured with [git-conventioanl-commits](https://github.com/qoomon/git-conventional-commits) to automatically validate commit messages following the [conventional-commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) standard.

### TS-Reset | Extremely Strict Typescript
TypeScript's default type declarations may have imperfections, but [ts-reset](https://github.com/total-typescript/ts-reset) enhances them.

### Automated ChatGPT Code Reviews
Configured with [chatgpt-codereview](https://github.com/anc95/ChatGPT-CodeReview) action workflow.

### Patch Package
Configured with [patch-package](https://github.com/ds300/patch-package) to patch dependencies as needed.
For eg: `npx patch-package package-name`

### Bundle Analyzer
Configured with [react-native-bundle-analyzer](https://github.com/IjzerenHein/react-native-bundle-visualizer)</br>
Run `npm run analzye:bundle` which generates bundle map and show you what's inside of your react-native bundle

### Coupling Graph
Configured with [skott](https://github.com/antoine-coulon/skott)</br>
Run `npm run coupling-graph` to get graph of your components and how they are coupled. This helps identify components that are too tightly coupled and should be refactored.
